Update color.md (#79)
springernature/ux-elements-docs: nature/styleguide/color.md

# Colour

Colour plays an important role in contributing to the character and identity of the Springer Nature visual style. Our colour system applies a core palette globally, to create a cohesive user experience for all our brands. Brand specific colours are used as an accent, such as highlighting top stories and illustrations.

## Accessbility

> The colour system is designed to be compliant with accessibility standards. Springer Nature is committed to ensuring our products and services are usable by the largest possible audience, including people with vision, hearing, cognitive or motor impairments. We support WCAG 2.1 level AA which requires 4.5:1 contrast for text.

Reviewer: A couple of suggested changes here to make it a bit more concise and grammatically correct.

```suggestion
The colour system is designed to be accessible. Springer Nature is committed to ensuring our products and services are usable by the largest possible audience. This includes people with visual, hearing, cognitive or motor impairments. We support WCAG 2.1 level AA which requires 4.5:1 contrast for text.

```

> Do not rely entirely on colour for communication as this will affect how perceivable the information is. To help understand the impact of colour, try using a [color-blind simulator]([url](https://colororacle.org/)) to desaturate your design. You can also decrease the reliance on colour by using icons, text labels and always making sure text links are underlined.

Reviewer: A couple of additional suggestions here

```suggestion
Some people are colour blind or perceive colours differently, so do not rely entirely on colour to communicate things the user needs to know. 

To help understand the impact of colour, try using a [color-blind simulator]([url](https://colororacle.org/)) to desaturate your design. You can also decrease the reliance on colour by using icons, text labels and always making sure text links are underlined.

```
